Project Title: Uncovering Insights: A Data-driven Analysis and Visualization of Boston's Housing MarketOr:Crunching Data: Exploring Boston's Housing Market with Data ScienceTeam: Lewis Yung and Joe FernandezDataset: Boston House Price Dataset (housing values in suburbs of Boston)Project Description: In this project we are going to use concepts learned in COMPSCIX433.3-023 Data Analysis and Scientific Computing on the house prices in the suburbs of Boston, Massachusetts US. The data was drawn from the Boston Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area (SMSA) in 1970. This data is shared on Kaggle and was originally taken from the UCI Machine Learning Repository. Each record in the database describes the house prices in the Boston suburbs. There are 14 attributes that provide relevant information concerning housing values in the suburbs of Boston. We will use NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, sklearn, SciPy, and various other data analysis modules to cleanse, transform, and visualize the data.There are 13 continuous attributes (including "class" attribute "MEDV"), and 1 binary-valued attribute. The attributes are:? CRIM - per capita crime rate by town? ZN - proportion of residential land zoned for lots over 25,000 sq.ft.? INDUS - proportion of non-retail business acres per town.? CHAS - Charles River dummy variable (1 if tract bounds river; 0 otherwise)? NOX - nitric oxides concentration (parts per 10 million)? RM - average number of rooms per dwelling? AGE - proportion of owner-occupied units built prior to 1940? DIS - weighted distances to five Boston employment centres? RAD - index of accessibility to radial highways? TAX - full-value property-tax rate per $10,000? PTRATIO - pupil-teacher ratio by town? B - 1000(Bk - 0.63)^2 where Bk is the proportion of blacks by town? LSTAT - % lower status of the population? MEDV - Median value of owner-occupied homes in $1000'sOriginal dataset from UCI website: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/housing/Data on Kaggle.com we will use for Data Analysis:https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/vikrishnan/boston-house-prices